Dove
The three-year covenant has expired
I sent Shuo to the southern Xinjiang army for experience
It's time to come back
Back to the Emperor
In the morning, the old slave also received a message of tapping the inn
If this is the hour
It should be here soon, brother.
Brother, I'm back, fifth brother
It's getting more and more unruly
Go change your clothes and accompany me to dinner
Tell me that your death in Nanjiang is Brother Huo
Eat slowly, no one will rob you.
It's not just for use, it's also delicious from our capital.
Eating bugs in southern Xinjiang every day makes me vomit
How are you used to it in the military?
Did you learn some real skills?
Don't worry.
brother
Pack them up obediently in the army
Although I'm sure I can't beat you, brother
But generally three or five people are not a problem at all
Did I say something wrong?